# \VerifyV2NewFactorApi

All URIs are relative to *https://verify.twilio.com*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**create_new_factor**](VerifyV2NewFactorApi.md#create_new_factor) | **POST** /v2/Services/{ServiceSid}/Entities/{Identity}/Factors | Create a new Factor for the Entity



## create_new_factor

> models::VerifyV2ServiceEntityNewFactor create_new_factor(service_sid, identity, friendly_name, factor_type, binding_alg, binding_public_key, config_app_id, config_notification_platform, config_notification_token, config_sdk_version, binding_secret, config_time_step, config_skew, config_code_length, config_alg, metadata)
Create a new Factor for the Entity

Create a new Factor for the Entity

### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Required | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**service_sid** | **String** | The unique SID identifier of the Service. | [required] |
**identity** | **String** | Customer unique identity for the Entity owner of the Factor. This identifier should be immutable, not PII, length between 8 and 64 characters, and generated by your external system, such as your user's UUID, GUID, or SID. It can only contain dash (-) separated alphanumeric characters. | [required] |
**friendly_name** | **String** | The friendly name of this Factor. This can be any string up to 64 characters, meant for humans to distinguish between Factors. For `factor_type` `push`, this could be a device name. For `factor_type` `totp`, this value is used as the “account name” in constructing the `binding.uri` property. At the same time, we recommend avoiding providing PII. | [required] |
**factor_type** | [**models::NewFactorEnumFactorTypes**](new_factor_enum_factor_types.md) |  | [required] |
**binding_alg** | Option<**String**> | The algorithm used when `factor_type` is `push`. Algorithm supported: `ES256` |  |
**binding_public_key** | Option<**String**> | The Ecdsa public key in PKIX, ASN.1 DER format encoded in Base64.  Required when `factor_type` is `push` |  |
**config_app_id** | Option<**String**> | The ID that uniquely identifies your app in the Google or Apple store, such as `com.example.myapp`. It can be up to 100 characters long.  Required when `factor_type` is `push`. |  |
**config_notification_platform** | Option<[**models::NewFactorEnumNotificationPlatforms**](new_factor_enum_notification_platforms.md)> |  |  |
**config_notification_token** | Option<**String**> | For APN, the device token. For FCM, the registration token. It is used to send the push notifications. Must be between 32 and 255 characters long.  Required when `factor_type` is `push`. |  |
**config_sdk_version** | Option<**String**> | The Verify Push SDK version used to configure the factor  Required when `factor_type` is `push` |  |
**binding_secret** | Option<**String**> | The shared secret for TOTP factors encoded in Base32. This can be provided when creating the Factor, otherwise it will be generated.  Used when `factor_type` is `totp` |  |
**config_time_step** | Option<**i32**> | Defines how often, in seconds, are TOTP codes generated. i.e, a new TOTP code is generated every time_step seconds. Must be between 20 and 60 seconds, inclusive. The default value is defined at the service level in the property `totp.time_step`. Defaults to 30 seconds if not configured.  Used when `factor_type` is `totp` |  |
**config_skew** | Option<**i32**> | The number of time-steps, past and future, that are valid for validation of TOTP codes. Must be between 0 and 2, inclusive. The default value is defined at the service level in the property `totp.skew`. If not configured defaults to 1.  Used when `factor_type` is `totp` |  |
**config_code_length** | Option<**i32**> | Number of digits for generated TOTP codes. Must be between 3 and 8, inclusive. The default value is defined at the service level in the property `totp.code_length`. If not configured defaults to 6.  Used when `factor_type` is `totp` |  |
**config_alg** | Option<[**models::NewFactorEnumTotpAlgorithms**](new_factor_enum_totp_algorithms.md)> |  |  |
**metadata** | Option<[**serde_json::Value**](serde_json::Value.md)> | Custom metadata associated with the factor. This is added by the Device/SDK directly to allow for the inclusion of device information. It must be a stringified JSON with only strings values eg. `{\\\"os\\\": \\\"Android\\\"}`. Can be up to 1024 characters in length. |  |

### Return type

[**models::VerifyV2ServiceEntityNewFactor**](verify.v2.service.entity.new_factor.md)

### Authorization

[accountSid_authToken](../README.md#accountSid_authToken)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
- **Accept**: application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

