# VerifyV2ServiceEntityChallenge

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**sid** | Option<**String**> | A 34 character string that uniquely identifies this Challenge. | [optional]
**account_sid** | Option<**String**> | The unique SID identifier of the Account. | [optional]
**service_sid** | Option<**String**> | The unique SID identifier of the Service. | [optional]
**entity_sid** | Option<**String**> | The unique SID identifier of the Entity. | [optional]
**identity** | Option<**String**> | Customer unique identity for the Entity owner of the Challenge. This identifier should be immutable, not PII, length between 8 and 64 characters, and generated by your external system, such as your user's UUID, GUID, or SID. It can only contain dash (-) separated alphanumeric characters. | [optional]
**factor_sid** | Option<**String**> | The unique SID identifier of the Factor. | [optional]
**date_created** | Option<**String**> | The date that this Challenge was created, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. | [optional]
**date_updated** | Option<**String**> | The date that this Challenge was updated, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. | [optional]
**date_responded** | Option<**String**> | The date that this Challenge was responded, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. | [optional]
**expiration_date** | Option<**String**> | The date-time when this Challenge expires, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. The default value is five (5) minutes after Challenge creation. The max value is sixty (60) minutes after creation. | [optional]
**status** | Option<[**models::ChallengeEnumChallengeStatuses**](challenge_enum_challenge_statuses.md)> |  | [optional]
**responded_reason** | Option<[**models::ChallengeEnumChallengeReasons**](challenge_enum_challenge_reasons.md)> |  | [optional]
**details** | Option<[**serde_json::Value**](.md)> | Details provided to give context about the Challenge. Intended to be shown to the end user. | [optional]
**hidden_details** | Option<[**serde_json::Value**](.md)> | Details provided to give context about the Challenge. Intended to be hidden from the end user. It must be a stringified JSON with only strings values eg. `{\"ip\": \"172.168.1.234\"}` | [optional]
**metadata** | Option<[**serde_json::Value**](.md)> | Custom metadata associated with the challenge. This is added by the Device/SDK directly to allow for the inclusion of device information. It must be a stringified JSON with only strings values eg. `{\"os\": \"Android\"}`. Can be up to 1024 characters in length. | [optional]
**factor_type** | Option<[**models::ChallengeEnumFactorTypes**](challenge_enum_factor_types.md)> |  | [optional]
**url** | Option<**String**> | The URL of this resource. | [optional]
**links** | Option<[**serde_json::Value**](.md)> | Contains a dictionary of URL links to nested resources of this Challenge. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


