# \VerifyV2NotificationApi

All URIs are relative to *https://verify.twilio.com*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**create_notification**](VerifyV2NotificationApi.md#create_notification) | **POST** /v2/Services/{ServiceSid}/Entities/{Identity}/Challenges/{ChallengeSid}/Notifications | Create a new Notification for the corresponding Challenge



## create_notification

> models::VerifyV2ServiceEntityChallengeNotification create_notification(service_sid, identity, challenge_sid, ttl)
Create a new Notification for the corresponding Challenge

Create a new Notification for the corresponding Challenge

### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Required | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**service_sid** | **String** | The unique SID identifier of the Service. | [required] |
**identity** | **String** | Customer unique identity for the Entity owner of the Challenge. This identifier should be immutable, not PII, length between 8 and 64 characters, and generated by your external system, such as your user's UUID, GUID, or SID. It can only contain dash (-) separated alphanumeric characters. | [required] |
**challenge_sid** | **String** | The unique SID identifier of the Challenge. | [required] |
**ttl** | Option<**i32**> | How long, in seconds, the notification is valid. Can be an integer between 0 and 300. Default is 300. Delivery is attempted until the TTL elapses, even if the device is offline. 0 means that the notification delivery is attempted immediately, only once, and is not stored for future delivery. |  |

### Return type

[**models::VerifyV2ServiceEntityChallengeNotification**](verify.v2.service.entity.challenge.notification.md)

### Authorization

[accountSid_authToken](../README.md#accountSid_authToken)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
- **Accept**: application/json

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

