# VerifyV2ServiceEntityFactor

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**sid** | Option<**String**> | A 34 character string that uniquely identifies this Factor. | [optional]
**account_sid** | Option<**String**> | The unique SID identifier of the Account. | [optional]
**service_sid** | Option<**String**> | The unique SID identifier of the Service. | [optional]
**entity_sid** | Option<**String**> | The unique SID identifier of the Entity. | [optional]
**identity** | Option<**String**> | Customer unique identity for the Entity owner of the Factor. This identifier should be immutable, not PII, length between 8 and 64 characters, and generated by your external system, such as your user's UUID, GUID, or SID. It can only contain dash (-) separated alphanumeric characters. | [optional]
**date_created** | Option<**String**> | The date that this Factor was created, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. | [optional]
**date_updated** | Option<**String**> | The date that this Factor was updated, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. | [optional]
**friendly_name** | Option<**String**> | A human readable description of this resource, up to 64 characters. For a push factor, this can be the device's name. | [optional]
**status** | Option<[**models::FactorEnumFactorStatuses**](factor_enum_factor_statuses.md)> |  | [optional]
**factor_type** | Option<[**models::FactorEnumFactorTypes**](factor_enum_factor_types.md)> |  | [optional]
**config** | Option<[**serde_json::Value**](.md)> | An object that contains configurations specific to a `factor_type`. | [optional]
**metadata** | Option<[**serde_json::Value**](.md)> | Custom metadata associated with the factor. This is added by the Device/SDK directly to allow for the inclusion of device information. It must be a stringified JSON with only strings values eg. `{\"os\": \"Android\"}`. Can be up to 1024 characters in length. | [optional]
**url** | Option<**String**> | The URL of this resource. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


